What is Microsoft Azure Service Bus?|Microsoft Azure Service Bus is a fully managed enterprise integration message broker.
How does Service Bus decouple applications?|Service Bus decouples applications by transferring data between them using messages.
What is a message in Service Bus?|A message is a container decorated with metadata that contains data.
What are some common formats in which data can be encoded in Service Bus messages?|Data can be encoded in Service Bus messages using formats like JSON, XML, Apache Avro, or Plain Text.
How does Service Bus improve the reliability and scalability of applications and services?|Service Bus improves reliability and scalability by enabling applications and services to operate independently of each other.
How do topics and subscriptions work in Service Bus?|Topics and subscriptions in Service Bus enable a one-to-many relationship between publishers and subscribers.
What are message sessions used for in Service Bus?|Message sessions in Service Bus are used to implement workflows that require message ordering or message deferral.
What are the differences between the standard and premium tiers of Service Bus?|The premium tier provides higher throughput, predictable performance, fixed pricing, the ability to scale workload up or down, and supports larger message sizes compared to the standard tier.
When is the premium tier of Service Bus recommended?|The premium tier of Service Bus is recommended for production scenarios.
What is the advantage of using the premium tier of Service Bus over the standard tier?|The premium tier of Service Bus offers higher throughput, predictable performance, and the ability to scale workload up or down.
What is the maximum message size supported in the premium tier of Service Bus?|The premium tier of Service Bus supports message sizes up to 100 MB.
What is the maximum message size supported in the standard tier of Service Bus?|The standard tier of Service Bus supports message sizes of up to 256 KB.
What is used to create a first-in, first-out (FIFO) guarantee in Service Bus?|Sessions
What does the autoforwarding feature in Service Bus chain to another queue or topic?|A queue or subscription
What does Service Bus support to hold messages that can't be delivered to any receiver?|A dead-letter queue (DLQ)
How can you submit messages to a queue or topic for delayed processing?|By scheduling a job to become available for processing at a certain time
What happens when a queue or subscription client defers retrieval of a message?|The message remains in the queue or subscription, but it's set aside for later retrieval
What does client-side batching enable a queue or topic client to do?|Delay sending a batch of messages for a certain period of time
What does a transaction do in Service Bus?|Groups two or more operations together into an execution scope
What can subscribers define in Service Bus?|Subscription rules to specify which messages they want to receive from a topic
What does autodelete on idle enable you to specify for a queue in Service Bus?|An idle interval after which a queue is automatically deleted if no activity occurs within that time
What does duplicate detection in Service Bus enable?|The sender to resend the same message or for the queue or topic to discard any duplicate copies
What security protocols does Service Bus support?|Shared Access Signatures (SAS), Role Based Access Control (RBAC), and Managed identities for Azure resources
What does Geo-disaster recovery in Azure enable when regions or datacenters experience downtime?|Data processing to continue operating in a different region or datacenter
What protocols does Service Bus support?|Standard AMQP 1.0 and HTTP/REST protocols
What is the primary wire protocol for Service Bus?|The primary wire protocol for Service Bus is Advanced Messaging Queueing Protocol (AMQP) 1.0, an open ISO/IEC standard.
What is Service Bus Premium fully compliant with?|Service Bus Premium is fully compliant with the Java/Jakarta EE Java Message Service (JMS) 2.0 API.
How can you access fully supported Service Bus client libraries?|Fully supported Service Bus client libraries are available via the Azure SDK.
What is Azure Service Bus for .NET?|Azure Service Bus for .NET is a fully supported Service Bus client library.
What are the available fully supported client libraries for Azure Service Bus?|Azure Service Bus libraries for Java are available as fully supported client libraries.
What is the Azure Service Bus provider for Java JMS 2.0?|Azure Service Bus provider for Java JMS 2.0 is a fully supported client library.
What are Azure Service Bus Modules for JavaScript and TypeScript?|Azure Service Bus Modules for JavaScript and TypeScript are available as fully supported libraries.
Which programming language has fully supported client libraries for Azure Service Bus?|Azure Service Bus libraries for Python are available as fully supported client libraries.
