What type of message delivery do queues offer?|Queues offer First In, First Out (FIFO) message delivery to one or more competing consumers.
How do receivers typically process messages?|Receivers typically receive and process messages in the order in which they were added to the queue.
How many message consumers receive and process each message?|Only one message consumer receives and processes each message.
Why don't producers and consumers have to process messages concurrently?|Messages are stored durably in the queue, so producers and consumers don't have to process messages concurrently.
What does load-leveling enable producers and consumers to do?|Load-leveling enables producers and consumers to send and receive messages at different rates.
What does using queues to intermediate between message producers and consumers provide?|Using queues to intermediate between message producers and consumers provides an inherent loose coupling between the components.
How does upgrading consumers affect the producer?|Consumers can be upgraded without having any effect on the producer.
What languages can be used to write clients for sending and receiving messages?|Messages can be sent and received using clients written in C#, Java, Python, and JavaScript.
What does Service Bus do when it receives a message in "Receive and delete" mode?|In "Receive and delete" mode, Service Bus marks the message as being consumed and returns it to the consumer application.
What does Service Bus do first in "Peek lock" mode?|In "Peek lock" mode, the receive operation becomes two-stage. First, it locks the next message to be consumed to prevent other consumers from receiving it.
What does the application request the Service Bus service to do after processing a message?|After the application finishes processing the message, it requests the Service Bus service to complete the second stage of the receive process.
What can the application request the Service Bus service to do if it's unable to process a message?|If the application is unable to process the message, it can request the Service Bus service to abandon the message.
What happens if the application fails to process a message before the lock timeout expires?|If the application fails to process the message before the lock timeout expires, Service Bus unlocks the message and makes it available to be received again.
What does a queue allow?|Processing of a message by a single consumer.
How do topics and subscriptions differ from queues?|Topics and subscriptions provide a one-to-many form of communication in a publish and subscribe pattern.
How are messages distributed in a publish and subscribe pattern?|Each published message is made available to each subscription registered with the topic.
What happens when a publisher sends a message to a topic?|One or more subscribers receive a copy of the message, depending on filter rules set on these subscriptions.
What can subscriptions use to restrict the messages they receive?|Subscriptions can use filters to restrict the messages they want to receive.
How do consumers receive messages from a topic?|Consumers receive messages from subscriptions of the topic.
What does a topic subscription resemble?|A virtual queue that receives copies of the messages sent to the topic.
How do consumers receive messages from a subscription?|Consumers receive messages from a subscription identically to the way they receive messages from a queue.
How can you create topics and subscriptions?|Topics and subscriptions can be created using the Azure portal, PowerShell, CLI, or Resource Manager templates.
What are the client languages that can be used to send and receive messages from topics and subscriptions?|C#, Java, Python, and JavaScript.
Why would you configure subscriptions with filter expressions?|To process messages with specific characteristics in different ways.
How can you copy a subset of messages to a virtual subscription queue?|By configuring subscription filters.
What are modifications to message properties called?|Filter actions.
What can a filter expression operate on?|The properties of the message, including system properties and custom application properties.
What happens if a subscription has no SQL filter expression?|Any filter action defined on the subscription is performed on all the messages for that subscription.
