What is Azure Event Grid used for?|Azure Event Grid is used as a serverless event broker for integrating applications through events.
Where are events delivered by Event Grid?|Events are delivered to subscriber destinations such as applications, Azure services, or any endpoint accessible to Event Grid.
What are the possible sources of events in Event Grid?|The sources of events can be other applications, SaaS services, and Azure services.
Do publishers have expectations on how events are handled?|No, publishers emit events without imposing any expectations on how they should be handled.
Who decides which events to handle?|Subscribers decide on which events they want to handle.
What does Event Grid facilitate in terms of application development?|Event Grid allows for the easy development of applications with event-based architectures.
What types of events does Event Grid have built-in support for?|Event Grid has built-in support for events coming from Azure services, such as storage blobs and resource groups.
Can Event Grid handle custom events?|Yes, Event Grid has support for custom events using custom topics.
How can specific events be routed to different endpoints in Event Grid?|Filters can be used to route specific events to different endpoints.
What does Event Grid ensure in terms of event delivery?|Event Grid ensures that events are reliably delivered.
Is the provided image a comprehensive list of supported integrations in Event Grid?|No, the image only represents the connection between sources and handlers in Event Grid and is not a comprehensive list of supported integrations.
What common information is included in every event?|Every event includes common information such as the source of the event, time the event took place, and a unique identifier.
What specific information is included in an event?|An event also includes specific information that is relevant to the type of event, such as details about a file or the URL of a Capture file.
What is the General Availability (GA) Service Level Agreement (SLA) for event size?|Events of size up to 64 KB are covered by the GA SLA.
What is the size limit for events currently in preview?|Events of size up to 1 MB are currently in preview.
How are events over 64 KB charged?|Events over 64 KB are charged in 64-KB increments.
What is an event source?|An event source is where the event happens and is responsible for sending events to Event Grid.
What are system topics in Event Grid?|System topics are built-in topics provided by Azure services that you can subscribe to receive events from.
What are custom topics in Event Grid?|Custom topics are application and third-party topics that you can create or be assigned access to in your subscription.
What is an event subscription?|An event subscription tells Event Grid which events on a topic you're interested in receiving and specifies an endpoint for handling the event.
How can you filter the events sent to an endpoint in Event Grid?|You can filter events by event type or subject pattern.
Is it possible to set an expiration for event subscriptions?|Yes, you can set an expiration for event subscriptions that are only needed for a limited time.
What is an event handler in Event Grid?|An event handler is the place where the event is sent for further action processing.
What types of event handlers are supported in Event Grid?|Event Grid supports supported Azure services and HTTP webhooks as event handlers.
How does Event Grid ensure delivery for HTTP webhook event handlers?|Event Grid retries the event until the handler returns a status code of 200 – OK.
How does Event Grid ensure delivery for Azure Storage Queue event handlers?|Event Grid retries the event until the Queue service successfully processes the message push into the queue.
What are used to group Event Grid topics that are related to the same application for easier management?|Domains
What do you call the app or service that receives the events?|Event Handlers
What is the service that published the event called|Publisher
