What can you add for a containerized app?|Custom storage.
How can you configure custom storage for a containerized app?|By selecting New Azure Storage Mount and providing the necessary configuration options, storage accounts, storage type, storage container, access key, and mount path.
What is the purpose of enabling diagnostic logging?|To assist with debugging an App Service app.
What are the different types of logs in diagnostic logging?|Application logging, web server logging, detailed error logging, failed request tracing, and deployment logging.
Which categories are used to assign messages in application logging?|Critical, Error, Warning, Info, Debug, and Trace.
Where are the application logging and web server logs located?|They are located on the App Service file system and/or Azure Storage blobs.
Where are the detailed error, deployment logging, and request tracing logs located?|They are located on the App Service file system.
Which operating systems support application logging and deployment logging?|Windows and Linux.
Which operating system supports web server logging, detailed error logging, and failed request tracing?|Windows.
How can you enable application logging for Windows apps in the Azure portal?|By navigating to your app, selecting App Service logs, and turning on Application Logging (Filesystem) or Application Logging (Blob) or both.
What are the storage types supported by containerized apps?|Azure Blobs or Azure Files. (Windows container apps only support Azure Files.)
What are the options for configuration when adding custom storage for a containerized app?|Basic or Advanced.
What are the components included in the raw HTTP request data logged by web server logging?|HTTP method, resource URI, client IP, client port, user agent, response code, and more.
When are copies of the .html error pages logged by detailed error logging?|Each time an application error occurs that has HTTP code 400 or greater.
What information is provided by failed request tracing?|Detailed tracing information on failed requests, including a trace of the IIS components used to process the request and the time taken in each component.
What should be considered regarding the use of detailed error pages in production?|Detailed error pages shouldn't be sent to clients for security reasons.
What happens automatically with deployment logging?|Deployment logging occurs automatically without configurable settings.
Where are application logging and deployment logging supported?|They are supported on Windows and Linux.
Where is deployment logging helpful?|Deployment logging helps determine why a deployment failed.
Where are the application logging and web server logs stored?|They are stored on the App Service file system and/or Azure Storage blobs.
Where are the detailed error, deployment logging, and request tracing logs stored?|They are stored on the App Service file system.
Where can you enable application logging for Windows apps in the Azure portal?|In the Azure portal, navigate to your app, select App Service logs, and turn on Application Logging (Filesystem) or Application Logging (Blob) or both.
